Update README.md info (Ton-dynasty) (#25)
tact-lang/awesome-tact: README.md

- [NFT Standard Example](https://github.com/howardpen9/nft-template-in-tact): A basic implementation of NFT standard that include the [TEP-62](https://github.com/ton-blockchain/TEPs/blob/master/text/0062-nft-standard.md) and [TEP-66](https://github.com/ton-blockchain/TEPs/blob/master/text/0066-nft-royalty-standard.md) in practice. Contributed by community contributor [@howard_peng9](https://dune.com/Howard_Peng)
- [Jetton Standard Example](https://github.com/howardpen9/jetton-implementation-in-tact): Followed the [TEP-74](https://github.com/ton-blockchain/TEPs/blob/master/text/0074-jettons-standard.md), contributed by [@howard_peng9](https://github.com/howardpen9).
- [Jetton Token Launchpad](https://github.com/microcosm-labs/tonup-contracts): Jetton Token launch platform that built by [TonUp.io](https://tonup.io) Team.

> - [TonDynasty](https://github.com/Ton-Dynasty/tondynasty-contracts): Ton Dynasty Contract is a library built by Perman Lab Team for efficient smart contract development by tact-lang. It provides series of template for ton developers to utilize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TonDynasty](https://github.com/Ton-Dynasty/tondynasty-contracts): The Ton Dynasty Contracts is a library built by the Perman Lab Team for efficient smart contract development using Tact. It provides a number of templates, including contract traits, for Ton developers to utilize.
```
